Who dares to make a fuss in front of the gates of all nations?
Prince John
I didn't expect your noble status
Come to the Cultural Expo in person
It really shines
Hahaha Shuhuan said
I am confident about this year's Internet Conference
Watching has seen people
What change of heart Anderrendo is difficult here
Do you take my country seriously?
Have you taken the kingdom into account?
You are the one who offended Prince John
I didn't expect the intelligence of your feet
What a mess
Such a significant passenger
You can rely on any garbage
Stop bah
Why are you going to pee?
What are you?
Foreign VIP
Can a trash like you be offended?
You are the next week
But everywhere for an arrogant and domineering foreign trade
People talk
The integrity and identity of your Su family next week
It's all courage
What are you?
You have the right to judge here
Able to attend the Congress of Nations
Only by bringing a treasure of knights in the world can you participate
That's right, I specially
Brought lost and expensive treasures from my country